#R1 API License Agreement

Before you use the RadiumOne, Inc. (“RadiumOne”) application programming interfaces, software development kits, software, code, tools, and documentation, including any updates provided by RadiumOne (the “API”) accompanied by or otherwise provided in connection with these terms, carefully read the terms below (“Agreement”).  APIs governed by this Agreement include, but are not limited to, the RadiumOne Photo Effects software development kit (the “Effects SDK”), the RadiumOne Mobile Analytics application programming interface (the “Analytics API”), and the RadiumOne Mobile Connect software development kit (the "Connect SDK"). By clicking a button or box indicating your acceptance or by executing an order form that references this Agreement, or by using the API, you agree to the terms of this Agreement. You represent that you have the authority to bind to these terms the company or other legal entity on whose behalf you are entering into this Agreement.  The word “Developer” shall refer herein to such entity and its affiliates.  IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE API.

1. License Grants:
	1. *License to Developer.*  Subject to Developer's compliance with the terms of this Agreement, RadiumOne grants Developer a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicenseable, non-assignable (except as provided in Section 13) license to download and use the API solely to embed a launchable application within the Developer’s mobile or web-based application solely with the API key(s) provided by RadiumOne(*“Developer Application”*).
	2. *Restrictions.*  Except for the rights granted to Developer under this Agreement, Developer shall not use, and shall use best efforts to prevent any third party from using, the RadiumOne Platform in connection with or to promote any products, services, or materials that constitute, promote or are used primarily for the purpose of dealing in material that is objectionable, unlawful, infringing, tortious, creates liability for RadiumOne, or violates any third-party right including rights of privacy or publicity, as determined by RadiumOne in its reasonable discretion. *“RadiumOne Platform”* as used in this Agreement means the API, RadiumOne Data (as defined in Section 1.3.2), and any services related to the API or delivered by RadiumOne’s servers including analytics tools. Except for the rights granted to Developer under this Agreement,  Developer may not (i) modify or reverse engineer any part of the RadiumOne Platform; or (ii) or use the RadiumOne Platform for any competitive research, illegal purpose, or in a manner that adversely affects the functionality of the RadiumOne Platform (including the functionality for other users of the RadiumOne Platform).  
	3. *Data License to RadiumOne:*
		1. *Data.*  The Developer Application may provide information to the RadiumOne including but not limited to the mobile device ID number, App End User IP address, digital images made available through the Developer Application (*“App Images”*) and requests from end user(s) of the Developer Application or services of the Developer (*“App End Users”*) to process the App Images (collectively *“Service Data”*).  Service Data does not include phone number, email address, credit card or other payment information (collectively, *“App End User Data”*).
		2. *License.*  Developer grants to RadiumOne a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use the Service Data to: (i) perform RadiumOne’s obligations to Developer under this Agreement; (ii) generate data with the RadiumOne Platform, including but not limited to service usage information and aggregate behavior and usage patterns of App End Users (collectively, *“RadiumOne Data”*) based on the Service Data; and (iii) tailor and provide targeted advertising to App End Users as described herein and in the RadiumOne Privacy Policy (currently located at http://www.radiumone.com/about/privacy.html).  This license shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
	4. *Po.st API Terms and Conditions.* The terms and conditions for use of the Po.st API are set forth in the Po.st Terms and Conditions, and not this Agreement.
2. *Optional Features.* Developer may elect to have RadiumOne offer additional features to App End Users by entering into an insertion order between RadiumOne and Developer (*“Insertion Order”*) for such purpose. Such additional features include premium image enhancement effects using the Effects SDK and advertisements within the Developer Application using the Ads SDK.  The fees and terms for such additional features will be as mutually agreed upon in the applicable Insertion Order.
3. *Additional Terms.* Developer’s use of the API and RadiumOne Platform is subject to any and all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the API or the RadiumOne Platform that RadiumOne may post on or link to from the developer page for the applicable API (the *"Additional Terms"*), subject to Section 4 below. All such Additional Terms are hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, this Agreement.
4. *Changes to the Agreement.* RadiumOne reserves the right, at in its discretion, to change this Agreement on a going-forward basis at any time; provided that in the event that a change to this Agreement materially modifies Developer's rights or obligations, RadiumOne will make reasonable efforts to notify Developer of such change. RadiumOne may provide notice through Developer's account, by sending an email to any address Developer may have used to register for an account, or through other mechanisms. Generally, changes to the Agreement are effective upon publication; however, if the changes to the Agreement materially modify Developer's rights or obligations, the changes are effective upon the earlier of (a) Developer using the RadiumOne Platform with actual knowledge of the change, or (b) thirty days following publication of the modified Agreement. Additionally, any disputes arising under this Agreement will be resolved in accordance with the Agreement in effect at the time the dispute arose. If Developer does not accept the changed Agreement, Developer is prohibited from continuing to use the API. If Developer provides written notice to RadiumOne of Developer's decision not to accept the modified Agreement and Developer's terminates use of the API, RadiumOne will refund a prorated portion of any fees Developer has paid in advance for access to or use of the API.
5. *Ownership and Confidentiality.*
	1. *Ownership Rights.*  RadiumOne shall own all right, title and interest in and to the RadiumOne Platform (including the API, analytics tools, and RadiumOne Data), proprietary algorithms, and any modifications, enhancements or derivatives thereof, and the RadiumOne trademarks and trade names. Developer shall not remove, obscure, or alter RadiumOne's copyright notices, trademark notices, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within the RadiumOne Platform. Except for the licenses contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall convey any other right or license by implication, estoppel, or otherwise in any intellectual property rights of RadiumOne or Developer.
	2. *Confidentiality.*  The RadiumOne Platform (including the API, analytics tools, and RadiumOne Data) constitute and contain information that is proprietary to RadiumOne, including but not limited to all code, inventions, algorithms, know-how and ideas, and all other business, technical, and financial information that Developer obtains from RadiumOne (*“Confidential Information”*).  Developer may not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement, and shall take reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and to avoid the unauthorized use and disclosure of the Confidential Information.  Developer shall immediately notify RadiumOne in the event it becomes aware of any unauthorized or suspected unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information.
	3. *Feedback.*  Developer may from time to time provide to the RadiumOne suggestions, recommendations or comments regarding the RadiumOne Platform (*“Feedback”*).  Both Parties agree that all such Feedback is and shall be given entirely voluntarily and may be used by RadiumOne without any restriction.
6. *Support.*  RadiumOne may, in its sole discretion, provide Developer with assistance related to the RadiumOne Platform.  RadiumOne is not obligated to provide support or other services under this Agreement.